Hyde. New releases just
arrived at the store.
Oh ! Is that Abba ?
Huh
Oh cool ! I love
the Talking Heads.
They have a girl in the band and she’s like a real
musician who doesn’t have to use her sex-appeal.
Although it wouldn’t kill
her to put on some lipstick.
Maybe pop a few zits…I mean
you’re on stage for God’s sake.
My band has a girl in it too. We
totally respect her as a musician.
A musician with
really big boobs.
Hey. You know what they
should have ? An all girl band.
Except in stead of playing instruments,
they just dance around and make out.
You know you and Karan
could totally hit it off.
My band and I are heading up to my parents
cabin this weekend. If you wanna come ?
Oh well
me to shave a G into his
back for the Packers’ game.
Soooo….
YES, I would love to come.
Ohhh Barry Manilow.
Alright Randy, here is
what I want you to do.
Take this record,
go back to the store.
Anybody looks like a Manilow-fan,
chuck it at their head.
Even better. I’ll throw
it at their crotch.
We don’t want those
people reproducing.
Sooo…Donna.
Sounds good. You
and Randy in a cabin.
Breathing in the
fresh mountain air.
Having sex.
What are you talking about ?
Well you see, when a boy likes a
girl, the boy gets the girl drunk…
Hyde.
That’s not gonna happen.
He’s not into me like that and he
knows I’m getting over a break-up.
Come on man. Don’t you
know how guys think ?
Not really.
The only guy I have ever been
with is Eric, and as far as I know,
a typical guys thoughts are: Who would
win in a fight ? Bigfoot or Chewbacca ?
All right.
Here is what a typical
guy thinks about.
Sex, beer and pinball.
Now,
if a guy can have sex while
drinking beer on a pinball machine…
well that’s the beautiful
story of how I met my wife.
Well…if it isn’t Miss Mooch,
my unemployed roommate.
What would you like to mooch
today ? My cheese puffs ?
My yoo-hoo ?
My Oil of Olaz ?
Fez, I want to find work
but it’s really hard.
I spend all morning going
to every store in the mall.
And when I find the right
outfit, I’m gonna look for a job.
Fez ! I look fantastic !
You know, I always give
credit where credit is due. So,
thank you God for my
fantastic bone-structure !
So Christine, what’s on the agenda
for my favorite local talk show host ?
I mean besides from
looking Fez-tastic.
Well today I’m
off to the zoo.
It seems a baby
elephant is being born.
And I wanna be the
first thing it sees,
so it knows there is
beauty in this ugly world.
Well for my money, nothing
beats the time when you
ran along with cops and stopped
the liquor store hold-up.
Well, I got lucky then. The day before
the show I learned to do the Flamenco.
And as it turns out,
a high dance kick
doubles beautifully for a
knock-out blow to the face.
Ciao darling !
I love it when she says ciao. It's like
she made up a whole new way to say goodbye.
Was that Christine St.
George ?! She my idol !
THAT's who I should
be working for !
OH ! We could co-anchor
What's Up Wisconsin together !
Oh, I could
just picture it !
- I'm Christine St. George.
- And I'm Jackie St. Jackie !
And it's time to ask...
- What's up Wisconsin ?
Coming up today: war,
famine, disease...
But first, our top story.
Jackie St. Jackie
is SPECTACULAR !
And in sports
today: I'm GORGEOUS !
Oh, this is just in.
Jackie St. Jackie is
the greatest girl ever !
- I am !
- I know !
Jackie St. Jackie ?
I got breaking news.
You're freaking nuts !
That 70's SHow
- Saison 8 Episode
Traduction par Yvan et
Guzo Synchro par DaddyK!FF
Merci à ...
www.forom.com
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Oh Jackie, you're watching Christine
St. George. I just love her !
The other day she had
a tiger cub on her show
it was just the sweetest
thing you ever saw !
Right up until it
mauled the weather man.
Yah, but he
probably deserved it.
He looks like he
smells like ham.
Oh but you what Christine
handled it perfectly.
She distracted the tiger with
the food critic’s lamb chop
and then she made a tourniquet
out of her microphone cord.
I know, she's amazing !
Oh, oh she's back !
That sure is one
big pumpkin Tim !
Coming up, a high school
marching band that collectively
has lost more
then 400 pounds !
You know what ?
I'm gonna write Christine a
letter and ask her for a job.
Oh no no no no, you have got
to go talk to her in person.
Trust me, there is nothing celebrities like
more then people showing up in their offices.
Steven,
you have finally reached that point in your
life where you're no longer a dumb-ass-kid.
You're a
dumb-ass-man.
Wow. Those dumb-ass-teen
years just flew by.
And now that you're married,
I'm gonna take you through a rite
of passage. To the Viking Lodge
Gosh Red. I don't
know what to say.
I guess the first thing
that comes to mind is uh...
no.
I stripped at the Viking Lodge
in Vegas for a guys 85th birthday.
He had a heart attack.
But then the paramedics showed up
and they were really good tippers.
Come on Steven !
You need a place where you can hang out
and have a beer with other married men.
BOY does that sound boring.
Hanging out in a dingy room
drinking beer and doing nothing.
Now, if you'll excuse me,
I'll be in the basement...
All right Red.
I guess I'll go.
You're not gonna make me wear one
of those silly Viking heads are you ?
Course not, don't
be ridiculous.
Ours have horns
and chin straps.
And your name stitched
in yarn. It's very classy.
Wow. Nice cabin.
It has a cozy, mid-century
dead carcass feel to it.
Yeah. I like to come up here when
I really feel like roughing it.
So, you hook up the VCR,
I’ll go microwave some nachos
Heyyy Donna.
Did you have sex
with Randy yet ?
Would you shut up ?!
That is NOT what
this weekend is about.
Oh.
Yeah. You’re right.
A guy invites a hot girl to a
private cabin deep in the woods.
It can only mean one thing.
He wants you to
meet his band !
Okay.
Maybe it’s a little weird
that they’re not here.
A little weird ?
That’s like saying it’s a little crazy
that you’re talking to a floating head.
We are all alone.
Did bring wine.
Wait a minute ! Maybe you’re right
! Maybe he wants to get it on !
Did somebody
say “get it on” ?
Fez will you
get out of here ?
Yeah Fez, beat it !
Why you…
Son of a bitch !
Hiiii, uh, I’m here to
see Christine St. George.
Do you have an appointment ?
No, but I am her biggest fan and
I would love to be her co-anchor.
Okay, have a seat and a
psychiatrist will be right with you.
Oh please Miss, couldn’t you
just let us in for two minutes ?
I got a better idea.
How about if I let
you in for no minutes ?
Please ? Please could you let us in ?
I know I have what it takes to be on TV
and I just need to demonstrate
my talents to Christine.
Oh and I just
want an autograph.
Or a souvenir.
She made cheesecake on
yesterday’s show, is that around ?
You really want
to get in huh ?
Okay, I’m thinking of a
number between one and ten.
- Six.
- You got it !
Ohhh So does that mean
that we can go in ?!
No. That’s the number of cops I’m
gonna call if you don’t beat it.
But... I’m supposed
to be her co-anchor !
And I’m supposed to
be Brooke Shields.
Ain’t life a bitch ?
So Steven, this is the Viking
Lodge. What do you think ?
I can see why you got that
CPR poster in the hallway.
Red !
It’s great to see you
! Who’s the new guy ?
Murph, Smitty, this
is my friend Steven.
Hey
Steven just got married.
My condolences.
Listen. I’ve been married for forty
years and I’m half the man I used to be.
But it even out.
My wife is twice the
woman she used to be.
He’s saying she’s fat.
Biiiiig woman.
You know, pretty soon your wife will be
nagging at you about doing one chore or another.
You know uh taking out the
garbage, mowing the lawn.
Making love to her.
Wait till she starts finishing
your sentences for you.
Or in my case, my pieces.
You know I used to think it was cute
when my wife finished my sentences.
You know what I want
her to finish now ?
Living !
See,
that’s the thing
about marriage.
No-one tells you
about the three rings.
There’s the engagement
ring, the wedding ring,
and the suffer-ring.
He’s saying she’s annoying.
Biiiiig pain.
Is this all you guys do ? Kinda stand around
the bar and complain about your wives ?
Of course not !
So listen. I’m having a
few drinks the other night.
And my old lady says: I suppose you
like yourself better when you’re drunk ?
I says: No, I
like you better.
My wife came to me the other day
and said: We don’t talk anymore !
And I said: You
ruined the streak !
You know, I’m learning a
lot from you guys in here.
For instance: bras.
Not just for girls.
the steam is great.
Time to loosen the towel
and release the hounds
Don’t look
down….don’t look down…
Aaaaahhhhh ! I
saw the hounds !
Ms. St. George,
you put the beauty
in beautiful, the sass
in sassy and what else can
I say ? I love a big tip !
And what else can I say ?
I love a big kiss-ass !
So, who is gonna be
on the show today ?
Oh, Pete Rose.
I gotta go warm-up, I don’t want
my slider to hang over the plate.
He really took me
downtown last time,
but not today Pete Rose !
NOT today.
Okay well, let me get your hair
products, I’ll be right back.
Okay darling.
Hiiiii, this is Jackie St. Jackie,
reporting live from Fresh Hair.
Today’s topic: Ugly people
who are running with scissors,
health hazard or
community service ?
Ohhhh why hello
Christine St. George !
Why hello crazy girl
talking into a hairbrush !
Jackie !
Out ! Out ! Out ! Out !
I apologize Miss St. George.
This is Jackie, my roommate.
She wants to be your co-anchor
on What’s Up Wisconsin.
Huh. Well, from what I’ve
seen you do so far Jackie….
I’d say yououou
have what it takes.
Really ?!
Uhhhh no. But you seem like a
dear thing so good luck to you.
Adios !
Adios ? How does she
even come up with those ?
OH, she forgot her hair
products. Christine !
Wait ! No no ! Fez ! Wait, wait,
let me deliver them to the studio.
They’ll have to let me
in and I can talk to her.
I don’t know Jackie.
I’ll give you a free
peek at me in the shower.
This end is up
Well, it took a while, but then the rugged
outdoors man finally got the fire going.
Lucky for us he
was hiking by.
Well Randy. Here
we are. All alone.
In front of a
nice roaring fire.
This has worked
out perfectly.
The only thing you forgot
is I’m not a stupid bimbo !
What ?
This whole act may work on your
little groupies, but not me.
So find another groupie to
grope, you gross groupie groper !
Donna, how can
you say that ?
I mean literally, that
sounded really hard to say !
This whole night has been one
long set up to get me alone !
Oops, my friends didn’t
make it, what’s next,
oops, I spilled wine on your
blouse, oops, we’re naked !
Oops, made an ice cream
sundae on your boobs !
Uh Donna…meet my band.
The band is here !
Band, meet Donna.
Believe it or
not, she’s sober.
I’ll help you guys
unload the van.
Uhm Randy…
I feel like such a moron, I thought
you were trying to hit on me.
Donna, I wouldn’t do that.
I’m pretty old-fashioned
when it comes to romance.
We’re talking flowers,
candy, love poems.
And well,
you haven’t given me
any of those things.
I mean this is gonna be
really hard to say but
I’m sorry that I called you a groupie gro
- a gross groupie…
I can’t even say it.
Wait, you two aren’t
going to do it ?!
No. You guys were wrong.
And since I control you,
I can make you do this !
Donna stop it !
Gross man, what did
you eat for lunch ?!
Christine St. George ?
Hi, uh Jackie Burkhart.
Yes the roving
hairbrush reporter.
How did you get
past reception ?
Well I really wanted to talk to you, so I
asked Fez if I could deliver your hair products.
Oh. Oh ! Well
I’m glad you did.
Because now that I see you
standing in a television studio,
I think you have a solid
career ahead of you.
As a delivery girl.
Can I validate
your parking ?
But Ms. St. George please, if
you would just give me a chance ?
Look, I know I have what
it takes to be on TV.
I own three of them !
I also know
everything about you.
What you like, what you
don’t like. What you wear.
Dear, these are skills
I could teach a monkey
And as a matter of
fact, I did. Episode 427.
Wow.
But here’s the good news.
I like you.
You’ve got sssspirit.
No…m…moxie, yes mo… Wait,
no, it’s it’s gumption.
Oh there’s a word for it
and I can’t think what it is…
Oh well. But the
point is, look,
you have a job if you
want it, as my assistant.
- Really ?!
- Yes.
Ohhh I’ll take it !
Ohhh ! I have a job in
television ! Oh wait, wait,
do I get to say
What’s Up Wisconsin ?
You can answer the
phone any way you like !
Oh there is my little
Viking-in-training.
So, how was last night ?
Don’t even get me
started on the hounds.
Oh ! The hounds…
The hounds are an
old man’s testicles.
I don’t know how I’m gonna tell
Red, but I don’t wanna be a Viking.
All that those guys do is sit around
and complain about their wives.
Oh Steven no. Those men
were just kidding around.
Did Red tell the one
about the three rings ?
I came up with that.
Steven !
Bad news about
the Viking Lodge.
They don’t want you back.
All my hopes and
dreams have been...
unaffected.
But you know, just out of curiosity,
why would they not want me back ?
It was Smitty.
He felt that your
eyes were…lingering…
Oh Jackie.
How is the first
day of work going ?
Terrific. I can’t believe I’m in
the glamorous world of show business.
I have finally arrived !
Oh, here is your coffee.
Thank you
Uhm, I asked for half
and half. This is milk.
Right, but I kind of thought
they were the same thing.
No no, half and half is
NOT the same thing as milk.
They’re different.
Just as listening to me and NOT
listening to me….are different.
Like happy and
FURIOUS are different !
Like employed and
FIRED are different,
do we understand
each other ? GOOD !
Now get me the coffee I want
or I’ll get a monkey to do it !
Jackie ! Psst ! Come here !
Don’t take it
so hard sweetie.
Sometimes Christine flies
off the handle like that.
But most of the time
she’s a real sweetheart.
- Oh. Really ?
- No.
Welcome to hell !
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org